[Verse 1:]
It seems like the signs are getting clearer
The time is gettting nearer
I finally can hear ya, when you speak
As a whisper, through the view of the wind
I want you to do it again
I'm your true blue friend
The Music is when
I get to prove to you how true it begins
Where am I? Somewhere asking, "Where are you? "
"Does your man care for you? "
That's what I'm here to do
Spend a lifetime telling you how sweet you are
Through sex and questions, see how deep you are
I believe you are
I know you wouldn't say what you say, everyday
If your words were just play
But you don't say shit, it's all vibes
And it only looks real, when the crystal ball shines
Spending all time of the night in a day dream
Thoughts of you make me trip across time

[Chorus:]
You take me out of this world, I live in
(Never Neverland, Never Neverland, Never Neverland)
You gon' always be my girl in
(Never Neverland, Never Neverland, Never Neverland)
Let me take you to the sky, we can
Never Never land, Never Never land, baby hold my hand.
I can be your man, I can make you understand
Baby, let's land in Never Neverland

[Verse 2:]
It gets cold standing ouside your window
Especially when I don't know your zip code
To put in the GPS, drive to you
I don't know where you at
But let me fly to you
Why do you, seem so elusive
Thoughts of you are like my dreams into music
Ever present, I have a heaven fetish
God is a woman, bring me to life. Evanescence.
Be my immortal lover, wrapped in your mortal covers
Supernatural spirits
Human bodies lovin' more than others, love eachother
Let's be the love that they say I'd never get
They expect me to bug
But no couple could be as sexy as us
Especially 'cause, God bless we. Much
'Cause, us can be led to winnin' a race
What we got is bigger than space
Get it?

[Chorus:]
You take me out of this world, I live in
(Never Neverland, Never Neverland, Never Neverland)
You gon' always be my girl in
(Never Neverland, Never Neverland, Never Neverland)
Let me take you to the sky, we can
Never Never land, Never Never land, baby hold my hand.
I can be your man, I can make you understand
Baby, let's land in Never Neverland

[Verse 3:]
I know, I sound like I thought this through
Well, I didn't. I just needed this talk with you
When all this is through and we fall into true love
Will I be the one to get all of this screwed up?
What happens when the groupies crawl on my two nuts
Not coming back until August is too much
And bloggers are rude, any sorta problems
Would be the talk of these poo-putts
It's awful but far from new to us
Just promise you'll be gentle
I'm sensetive. My weakness is sweetness
I don't give a shit
After a long day, rub my head
My favorite Incubus song play
And the bong's gray, full of smoke
High, I'm full of hope. That's the could that I'm on
And it's not bullet smoke
Don't be a murderer
Feel me?
Charles Hamilton

[Chorus:]
You take me out of this world, I live in
(Never Neverland, Never Neverland, Never Neverland)
You gon' always be my girl in
(Never Neverland, Never Neverland, Never Neverland)
Let me take you to the sky, we can
Never Never land, Never Never land, baby hold my hand.
I can be your man, I can make you understand
Baby, let's land in Never Neverland

[Talking:]
You know, I think.
I think somebody gotta come up with a better word for special.
[? ] You got that word [? ]
Let's just zone out.
I don't even care if it's on beat anymore.
Let's just zone out